Last updated: June 2021
TERMS OF THE MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
WINDOWS OPERATING SYSTEM
IF YOU RESIDE IN THE UNITED STATES (OR IF THAT COUNTRY IS YOUR PRIMARY PLACE OF BUSINESS), READ THE MANDATORY ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER PROVISIONS IN SECTION 11. THIS AFFECTS THE WAY DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED.
Thank you for choosing Microsoft!
Depending on how you got the Windows software, this document
is a license agreement between: (i) you and the device manufacturer or installer
the software that distributes the software with your device; (ii) you and Microsoft Corporation (or one of its affiliates, depending on where you live or your main place of business), if you purchased the software from a retailer. Microsoft Corporation is a manufacturer of devices manufactured by Microsoft or one of its affiliates, as well as a retailer if the software is purchased directly from Microsoft. If you are a customer of the corporate licensing program, the use of this software is governed by the terms of your corporate license agreement.
This agreement describes your rights, obligations and terms of use
of the Windows Software. Review the entire agreement, including any
additional license terms that accompany the software, and the terms
included by reference, as all provisions are of great importance and
are an integral part of the agreement applicable to you. 
By accepting this agreement or using the software, you agree to all
these terms and conditions, as well as consent to the transfer of certain information during
the activation and use of the software in accordance with
the privacy statement described in the Section 3. 
If you do not accept and comply with these terms,
you have no right to use this software or its components. 
Contact the device manufacturer, installer, or retailer, 
if you purchased the software directly to find out the rules
for returning the product and according to these rules, return the software or
device to receive a refund of its cost or transfer an equivalent amount
to your account. You must act in accordance with these rules, under which
, in order to refund funds or to transfer an equivalent amount to your account, you may
need to return the software along with the device on which it
is installed, if applicable.
1.      General information.
	a.      Applicability. This agreement applies to Windows software that was pre-installed on your device or purchased from a retailer and installed by you yourself, the media on which you received the software (if any), any fonts, icons, images or sound files provided as part of the software, as well as all updates, Microsoft add-ons or services for the software, unless other terms apply to them. This also applies to Microsoft-developed Windows applications that provide functionality related, for example, to email, contacts, music and photos, and are provided as part of Windows. If this agreement contains terms regarding a feature or service that is not available on your device, these terms do not apply.
	b. Additional conditions. Additional Microsoft or third-party terms may apply to the use of certain functions, services and applications, depending on the capabilities of your device, its configuration and the way it is used. Read them carefully.
		(i) Some Windows applications provide access to or depend on web services, and the use of such web services is sometimes subject to separate terms and privacy policies, for example, the Microsoft Services Agreement published on the web page https://aka.ms/msa . You can view these terms and policies in the Terms of Use section of the service or in the application settings (as appropriate). These services may not be available in all regions.
		(ii) Microsoft, the manufacturer or the hardware assembler may include additional applications that are subject to the terms of a separate license and privacy policy.
		(iii) The Software may contain third-party programs licensed to you under this agreement or under their own licensing terms. licenses, notices and recognitions (if any) relating to any third-party programs can be viewed on the web page https://aka.ms/thirdpartynotices .
		(iv) Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote applications, if provided with Windows, are licensed for personal, non-commercial use, unless you have commercial use rights under a separate agreement.
2.      Installation and use rights.
	a. License. The software is not sold, but is licensed. As part of this agreement, we grant you the right to install and run one copy of the software on a device (licensed device) for simultaneous use by one person, if you comply with the terms and restrictions of this agreement. Updating inauthentic software to software from Microsoft or other authorized sources does not make your original version or updated version authentic, and in this case you do not have a license to use the software.
	b.      Device. For the purposes of this agreement, a "device" is a local hardware system (physical or virtual) with a built―in storage device in which the software can be run. Each hardware partition or rack module is considered a device. For the purposes of this agreement, "device" does not include hardware systems (physical or virtual) on which the software is installed or accessed exclusively for remote use over a network.
	c. Restrictions. The manufacturer or assembler of the equipment and Microsoft reserve all rights (for example, rights provided for by intellectual property protection legislation) not expressly granted under this agreement, therefore no other rights are granted to you under the license. For the avoidance of doubt, this license does not grant you any rights, and you do not have the right (and may not allow other individuals or legal entities) to:
(i) separately use and virtualize software components;
		(ii) publish or copy (except for an authorized backup copy) the software, provide the software for rental, rental or temporary use;
		(iii) transfer the software (except as provided for in this agreement);
		(iv) attempt to circumvent technical limitations in the software;
		(v)     use the software as server software or use the device as a server, except as permitted in section 2(d)(iii) below; use the software to offer commercial hosting services; provide the software for simultaneous use by more than one user over the network, except as permitted in section 2(d)(vi) below; install software on a server for remote access or network use; install the software on the device only for use by remote users;
		(vi) study the technology, decompile or disassemble the software, and attempt to do so, except to the extent and in cases where (a) permitted by applicable law; (b) permitted by the terms of the license for the use of open source components that may be included in this software; (c) necessary to debug changes to any libraries provided under the GNU Lesser General Public License that are included in and associated with the software; and
		(vii) when using Internet features, you may not use them in any way that may interfere with their use by others, attempt to gain unauthorized access or make unauthorized use of any services, data, accounts or networks.
d. Use by multiple users.
		(i) Multiple versions. If, when purchasing the software, you were provided with several versions (for example, 32-bit and 64-bit versions), you have the right to install and activate only one of them at a time.
		(ii) Multiple connections or a pool of connections. The hardware or software that you use to multiplex or create a connection pool or reduce the number of devices or users that access or use the software does not reduce the required number of licenses. You may use such hardware or software only if you have a license for each instance of the software used.
